README.md, before:

# Glass Config API for Minecraft Beta 1.7.3 Client

## Description

Think a far more simple version of [Cloth Config](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config) for beta 1.7.3.

This follows the [semver](https://semver.org/) summary, which means any mods made with 1.x.x will work with any version of GCAPI that is equal or higher than the version said mod was made with, and 2.x.x will require 1.x.x mods to update. 

## Installation

[See the Babric Website.](https://babric.github.io/)  
Optional requirement, though heavily recommended as like 90% of GCAPI's user-facing functionality uses this: [ModMenu](https://github.com/calmilamsy/ModMenu).  

## Usage Inside a Mod

See the [wiki](https://github.com/calmilamsy/glass-config-api/wiki).

## Common Workspace Issues

[Here.](https://github.com/calmilamsy/BIN-fabric-example-mod#common-issues)

## License

This mod is available under the CC0 license. Feel free to learn from it and incorporate it in your own projects. I do ask you to credit me if you use my work though.

Commit message:

Cause I apparently didn't include this.

README.md, after:

# Glass Config API for Minecraft Beta 1.7.3 Client

## Description

Think a far more simple version of [Cloth Config](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config) for beta 1.7.3.

This follows the [semver](https://semver.org/) summary, which means any mods made with 1.x.x will work with any version of GCAPI that is equal or higher than the version said mod was made with, and 2.x.x will require 1.x.x mods to update. 

## Installation

[See the Babric Website.](https://babric.github.io/)  
Download GlassConfigAPI from [here (stable)](https://maven.glass-launcher.net/#/releases/net/glasslauncher/mods/GlassConfigAPI) or [here (unstable)](https://jenkins.glass-launcher.net/job/Glass-Config-API/).  
Optional, though required if you want to edit your configs in-game: [ModMenu](https://github.com/calmilamsy/ModMenu).  

## Usage Inside a Mod

See the [wiki](https://github.com/calmilamsy/glass-config-api/wiki).

## Common Workspace Issues

[Here.](https://github.com/calmilamsy/BIN-fabric-example-mod#common-issues)

## License

This mod is available under the CC0 license. Feel free to learn from it and incorporate it in your own projects. I do ask you to credit me if you use my work though.
